case 2 and 7 i'm going to show you how
to very soft songs onto it i'm going to
show you how to do rare songs onto CD
and stuff from limewire
firstly I'll have the scene eh won't CD
rewritable memorex is the best now go to
climb wire
it's taking forever well then what's
gonna you also want to open up windows
media player and I have the CDN ready
and I'm going to do is just show you how
to burn a CD
just squeezing limes which is pretty
stupid it's taking forever so it's
supposed to be downloading some stuff
for my grandma but I'm not really going
to right now because I don't have time
it's kind of late and get a little bit
cuz that finals now so what you're going
to do is you're going to but what you
would do turn us off suppress burnout
audio CD respects it you don't want to
buy the pro it's nothing different I've
seen it you'll press this file i press
this file up here and make sure as the
brand list on it
and then once it gets here oh yeah check
out the store offers because sometimes a
lot of cool stuff on limewire if you
have a new version the Maya morning I'll
make sure you put it make sure you have
a DVD burner right there second one
because I don't work I also do is you'll
pick the songs you want like just pick a
certain amount of songs whatever you
want you can just all hold on it's being
stupid now you would just normally drag
and drop it and it will let you hold on
us being stupid right now because it's
going to switch or nuggets low oh come
on load but you would normally just drag
and drop and it will load right there
you just keep doing it and you can just
exit this or something you can full
screen this and then you'll go to bear
and you'll be press starboard that's
just how positive stuff can't